we begin the arduous trek up this
inflatable as good as a Swiss out
this is
keep on the lookout for the boy and the
purple jumping at the top
just getting ready to go really take the
plunge really go oh you win
there we go how's this first downhill
trick
how we looking for the Olympics tear
join look at that impossible silver
level I don't think you like
I don't know is your level point
improve on his time significantly to get
that he'll definitely have to show us
something we haven't seen before hail
the strong competitor of the men's
downhill let's just say you're peeking
oh there's a little little extra
bouncing little extra round singh he
does have a good luck I thought it was
not washing his socks that's just a
hygiene issue okay we're going we're
going for the third trick third trick
there Johnny he's going to have to stick
it this time even I connect with the
Russian some point they might just pull
this off let's hope that there's no a
French judge there was it the French
stretch
with a different schedule which I don't
know i think it was the judges from
Uzbekistan they're notoriously hard to
beat those whose biggest Annie's oh
there's a little hesitation up at the
top smart luck bouncing his name was
gone shortage
do you think he's related to game yes I
do
with a little encouragement from the
stands he readies himself the good luck
junk jumps the good luck jumps oh its
best performance Oh wonderful wonderful
and the judges say on a show of fingers
the judges say Jen he's gonna get the
gold this year wonderful order oh wait
wait we're going to an encore
performance a fourth slow much like a
was like some other sports this is a
victory run ah yes it was so sensational
that uh you wanna go ahead just for the
France I feel it in my heart Toni Oh God
Joanie I feel in my heart
here we go the good luck jumps anything
now is just icing on the cake
a lot of good leg jumps we're working
out
oh when the swim a spin that was
wonderful and the judges say
congratulations you have won the gold
how does it feel when I'm on the goal